Nova Togatorop
FULL STACK DEVELOPER

nova@roadbeats.com
+4917658159370



ABOUT ME

I'm a product minded Full Stack developer who loves solving real world problems with my design and software development skills. I would like to think and sketch the product ideas before implementing code. I’m also emphatic about how the product makes users feel and how those users benefit from using the product itself.

After working in design and photography industry for 5 years, I made a career switch to software development, graduating from Le Wagon, Berlin coding bootcamp in 2019.



TECHNICAL SKILLS

• Ruby on Rails
• React (Learning)
• Typescript
• ES6 Javascript
• Relational database, SQL, PostgreSQL
• Swift, Xcode
• HTML, CSS/SCSS, Tailwind
• Wireframes, prototyping
• Design
• Agile Project Management



WEB DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS

nappiesapp.com
Design, built and maintained the whole platform, User and Market research, mobile and desktop design. Available on Web app and iOS App.
Technologies: Ruby on Rails, Javascript, PostgreSQL, Swift, HTML, CSS/SCSS, Bootstrap,, Heroku, Sendgrid.

coffee-in-indonesia.surge.sh
Discover coffee around Indonesia from west to east.
Technologies: React, HTML, CSS.

social-reading.club
Web application developed by a team of 5. Social Reading is a website to create and join bookgroups.
Technologies: Ruby on Rails, Javascript, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS/SCSS, Bootstrap, Git, Github, Heroku.

drop-me-a-line.herokuapp.com
Contact form for Rails App.
Technologies: Rails,, HTML, CSS/SCSS.

tulum-cocktail.herokuapp.com
Web app to create and share cocktails recipe.
Technologies: Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, Javascript, Bootstrap, Heroku.



WORK EXPERIENCE

WebinarGeek, Berlin (Jan 2022 - January 2023) - Full Stack Engineer
Work on a team of 8 to rebuild the frontend streaming app from legacy written in Ruby on Rails to React + Typescript.
Improved API endpoints and data structures while integrating the React-based frontend with the Rails backend.
Working closely with product designer, brainstorm about UX, and mobile flow, continuously giving detailed input from user and technical perspective.

Arbour GmbH, Berlin (Apr 2021 - Oct 2021) - Software Engineer
Work focused on software development, test coverage, User Interface improvements and bug fixes. Building and maintaining new landing page of the site.

NAPPIES, Berlin (Jul 2020 - Present) - Founder
Nappies is an application for finding the nearest baby friendly places wherever you want based on provided facilities. It got released in the iOS store in July 2020.

Le Wagon, Berlin (Jan 2020 - Present) - Teaching Assistant
I help students to solve technical problems and to understand the concepts of Ruby, OOP, MVC Architecture, Ruby on Rails as a teaching assistant at Le Wagon Berlin, by leading them to the solutions.

Re-Di School, Berlin (May 2020 - Present) - Teacher/Volunteer
Participate in Kids and Digital Women Program. Contribute to Coding and Web Design Fundamentals courses.

Shutterstock, Oakland, CA (Oct  2015 - Oct 2019) - Freelance Photographer
My work was focused on Lifestyle, Product, Travel, and Real Estate. Completed assignments for Marriot, Wells Fargo, Manulife Asia, UBS and etc.



EDUCATION

Le Wagon, Berlin (Oct 2019 - Dec 2019)
9-week intensive coding bootcamp which taught me how to built RoR projects as both solo Full Stack developer, and a team player.

Lasalle College International, Jakarta, Indonesia (Oct 2008 - Apr 2011) - Interior Design
I learnt to conceptualize and produce aesthetic, functional spaces and designs.


LINKS

novatogatorop.com
github.com/novatogatorop
linkedin.com/in/nova-togatorop/

Current Location;
Berlin, Germany










